
# RETURN POLICY

Customer satisfaction is our goal, but if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase simply return the merchandise to any Lowe's store in the U.S. within 90 days. We, in our discretion, will repair it, replace it, or, based on your method of payment, refund your money.

# For returns with valid receipts, we will refund:

- Cash if your purchase was made with cash or debit card.
- In-store credit if your purchase was made with a check less than 8 days ago.
- Cash or in-store credit, depending on check system approval, if your purchase was made with a check 8 to 15 days ago.
- Cash if your purchase was made with a check more than 15 days ago.
- A credit to your credit card if your purchase was made with a credit card.
- In-store credit if your purchase was made with an in-store credit or gift card.
- A credit to your Lowe's Account Receivable (LAR) if your purchase was charged to your LAR.

# For returns without valid receipts:

In-store credit may be issued for the item's current selling price.

Gift cards: Lost or stolen gift cards can only be replaced for the remaining balance by presenting the original receipt.

Lowe's reserves the right to refuse and limit the number of returns permitted without valid receipts.

# Exclusions:

Excludes merchandise in Installation Services programs - see contract for details. No returns for purchases made with checks will be made if you have outstanding checks with Lowe's. Lowe's may require valid picture ID (State Driver's License, State ID Card, or Military ID) for any return. Lowe's stores use refund and check verification systems. All returns are subject to system approvals. Valid picture ID information or phone number may be entered into these systems where authorized by law. These remedies are your exclusive remedies. All other remedies are hereby excluded.

All warranties, express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are expressly excluded. The exclusions herein are subject to and may be limited by applicable law and you may have additional rights which vary from state to state.

