
MENARDS

# General Guidelines for your Return or Exchange:

Any merchandise missing the original UPC (Universal Product Code) is only available for an even exchange on the identical product.

Returned merchandise that was purchased while on rebate must have original rebate receipt. Without rebate receipt, the value of the rebate will be deducted from the return amount.

Returns, price adjustments, or exchanges will affect your rebate amount issued by the clearinghouse.

Sale price adjustments will be allowed during the sale of an item when this item was purchased up to 14 days prior to the sale, an in-store credit will be issued for this balance. However, sale price adjustments are not allowed on end of season discounts, closeout items, or special promotions.

Stock merchandise that is cut or altered may be subject to a restocking fee.

# Exceptions concerning your Return or Exchange:

Return Policy varies by product type. These exceptions are denoted on the front of the register receipt.

# Returns with a receipt within 90 days of purchase:

- Purchase made with cash or a debit card - a cash refund will be issued.
- Purchase made with a check - Refund will be issued in the form of an in-store credit if receipt is less than 14 days old. A cash refund will be issued if the check is more than 14 days old and you have no outstanding checks with us.
- Purchase made with a credit card - a credit will be issued to the account.
- Purchase made with an in-store credit or gift card - an in-store credit will be issued.

# Returns with a receipt after 90 days of purchase:

In-store credit will be issued for the original purchase price.

# Returns without a receipt:

If in order, in-store credit will be issued - the lowest price offered including discounts due to coupons or rebates will be honored. We reserve the right to REFUSE a refund without a receipt.

# Returns of Holiday and Summer Seasonal Items:

Returns will not be allowed without a receipt. A drivers license or state I.D. will be required. NO I.D. = NO RETURN.

# Returns of Special Orders:

Special order items may be refunded at Menards sole discretion with a restocking fee.

NO I.D. = NO RETURN.
