Grandy

# Register in two simple steps:

Complete the entire form to ensure eligibility and mail along qualifying RIDGID® purchases. Please include original UPCs from the package.

Or register on www.RIDGID.com and mail a copy of the original receipt with an arrow pointing to the qualifying RIDGID® purchases. Please include original UPCs from the package.

| First Name | Last Name | Street Address | City  | State | ZIP Code      | Telephone (including area code) |
| ---------- | --------- | -------------- | ----- | ----- | ------------- | ------------------------------- |
| Reith      | MARION    | 18 mile Rd     | 49665 | MI    | 231-743-60686 |                                 |

| E-Mail Address | Date of Birth (month-day-year) |
| -------------- | ------------------------------ |
|                | 7-21-195                       |

Company Name

R885

If additional space is needed, please use second registration form.

| Model Number on Package | Serial Number of Each Tool(s) Located on each tool's data plate | Serial Number of Each Battery | Serial Number of Charger |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| AE 034841930            | G063715683                                                      |                               |                          |

For what projects do you use power tools?

Work: Personal

For what type of work do you use your RIDGID power tools?

- General Contractor
- Finishing/Cabinets
- Drywall
- Metal Fabrication
- Wood Framing
- Electrical
- Stone/Tile
- Plumbing/Pipe Fitting
- Concrete/Masonry
- Other: Please identify

What level of involvement do you have in the purchase of tools at your company? Select one:

- Decision Maker
- Regular Input
- Request Tools
- N/A

How much have you spent on power tools or power tool accessories in the last year?

- More than $10,000
- $5,000 to $10,000
- $2,500 to $5,000
- $1,000 to $2,500
- $500 to $1,000
- Less than $500

Yes, RIDGID may contact me, as indicated above, with additional information on this or other promotions and products.

Initial here

To accept the RIDGID Brand Lifetime Service Agreement, you must register your qualifying RIDGID® Brand Hand Held Power Tool, Stationary Power Tool or Pneumatic accessories in the last year. Include on this form all qualifying RIDGID products purchased with model number from package, and the serial number for each individual serialized product including batteries and chargers. (Please specify if the product is a combo power tool kit.) Then mail this form together with a copy of your store receipt and the original UPC from the package of the qualifying product to: RIDGID Hand Held and Stationary Power Tool Technical Service, PO Box 1427, Anderson, SC 29622.

All registrations must be made under the name of an individual person. Within approximately 6-8 weeks after completion of the registration process, you will receive confirmation via e-mail or US mail that will include your Lifetime Service Agreement Identification Number. Keep track of this number. You will need it in order to obtain service for your product under the Lifetime Service Agreement.

For complete details of the Lifetime Service Agreement, see www.RiDGID.com.

